share/fonts/
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/
@fontdir share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Bold Nerd Font Complete Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Condensed Nerd Font Complete Mono Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Condensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Condensed Nerd Font Complete Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Condensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Italic Nerd Font Complete Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Light Nerd Font Complete Mono Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Light Nerd Font Complete Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Medium Nerd Font Complete Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Nerd Font Complete Mono Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Nerd Font Complete Windows Compatible.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ubuntu/Ubuntu Nerd Font Complete.ttf
